DOCS 640: Change tutorials for vision service changes (#1104)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/projects/integrating-viam-with-openai.md

# SME: Matt Vella
---

{{< alert title="Caution" color="caution" >}}

> There are [breaking changes in the Vision Service](/appendix/release-notes/#2-may-2023).

Author: ```suggestion
There are [breaking changes in the Vision Service](/appendix/release-notes/#25-april-2023).
```
